public:: true

- Miscellaneous improvements that I can make to this PKM knowledgebase:
	- TODO The config setting for "publish all pages" doesn't appear to work, even though this is a "public" Logseq repository. Is there a way for me to force [logseq/publish-spa](https://github.com/logseq/publish-spa) to export all pages, irrespective of status?
	- TODO Look into mechanisms for publishing a public GitHub Pages website from a private repository of Logseq notes.
		- It's important to understand the privacy implications of this, so that a user can create an informed threat model about the approach.
		- High Level Flows
			- Approach 1: Automated
			  collapsed:: true
				- Preconditions
					- Logseq notes exist on a private GitHub repository.
					- Logseq website exists on a public GitHub repository.
				- Flow
					- GitHub Action on the public repository should automatically run when a change occurs on the private repository.
					- The workflow should:
						- Pull the private repository.
						- Create the Pages website from the `public: true` notes.
						- Deploy the Pages website.
				- Concerns
					- I don't know about the limitations of GitHub Actions around private and public repositories. It would feel self-defeating if you could have, for all intents and purposes, a GitHub Action which operates on a private repository "for free" because you publish it as a Pages website.
					- I don't know what the privacy implications are for running a GitHub Action using your private repository, and what steps are necessary to secure your notes from:
						- Third-party contributors
						- The GitHub Actions runner
			- Approach 2: Manual
			  collapsed:: true
				- Preconditions
					- There is a repository for the published GitHub Pages website.
				- Flow
					- Use the in-app "Export as HTML" button.
					- Commit and push these files to GitHub.
				- Concerns
					- It's less convenient.
					- I don't know what the privacy guarantees are of Logseq's built-in export. Specifically:
						- If there is a bug in Logseq which exports "too much", that would cause privacy conerns.
						- Link metadata can be linked. If a "private" page is linked to from a "public" page, then readers will learn the title of the private page.
			- Approach 3: Hybrid
			  collapsed:: true
				- Preconditions
					- There is a repository for the published GitHub Pages website.
				- Flow
					- Use or develop a third-party command-line tool which pre-processes the Logseq graph, produces the static web page, and pushes the result to GitHub.
				- Concerns
					- Development of your own solution requires continued maintenance if the structure of Logseq files changes.
					- Reliance on third-party dependencies can introduce additional supply chain vulnerabilities.
					- Automatically publishing the export to GitHub could cause privacy concerns if there's a bug in any part of the toolchain, which could expose private pages.
		- Extra thoughts
		  collapsed:: true
			- Would it be possible to encrypt pages which are not marked for export, using something like [FiloSottile/age](https://github.com/FiloSottile/age) or [GnuPG](https://www.gnupg.org/)? Or even just, to completely remove those pages before exporting as an additional defense-in-depth measure?
				- The most naive implementation could even do something like (using [BurntSushi/ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)), `rg -Fil -g '*.md' public:: false`
					- Flags
						- `-F` for fixed strings (no regex patterns)
						- `-i` for ignore case
						- `-l` for print files with matches
						- `-g` for glob files ending in `.md` (which may not be accurate, Logseq supports other files such as [Org Mode](https://docs.logseq.com/#/page/org%20mode))
					- Sample
						- #+BEGIN_EXAMPLE
						  $ rg -Fil -g '*.md' 'public:: false'
						  graph/pages/debugging___exports___pub{lic,ish}-0x.md
						  graph/pages/debugging___exports___pub{lic,ish}-01.md
						  graph/pages/debugging___exports___pub{lic,ish}-00.md
						  #+END_EXAMPLE
					- Caveats
						- The spacing between `public::` and `false` is not necessarily a single space.
						- This would match non-properties, such as any page with `public:: false` in it (like this very line!).
			- Would it be possible to provide an easier interface for an end-user to preview the generated website before publicizing it?
		- Useful resources
			- [logseq/docs](https://github.com/logseq/docs.git) is itself a Logseq graph
			- [Logseq filename format notes](https://docs.logseq.com/#/page/filename%20format)
			- ((668a89f1-a2ed-4d89-add2-ca4f95bd3295))
			- [logseq/publish-spa](https://github.com/logseq/publish-spa) as a CLI tool
			- [Logseq export documentation](https://docs.logseq.com/#/page/export), including the [EDN](https://github.com/edn-format/edn) and JSON export